★ THERE ARE NO PUSHED VIEWS. Correcting an earlier pass.

a pushed view takes the screen, you do something, you come back — and
the transcript has a HOLE where that work was. The record is the
product here, and a surface that steps outside it is a surface whose
output you cannot scroll back to.

three surfaces, and a push is not one of them

  THE TRANSCRIPT  everything that HAPPENED. It is the record, and
                  work belongs in it
  A QUESTION      an ownership request. It resolves once and never
                  holds work; panel / peek / overlay describe its layer
  A TAB           a PARALLEL document with its own prompt and its
                  own context. ⌃⇥, like a browser

what each thing I had pushed becomes instead

  a run's detail    →  EXPANDS IN PLACE. ⏎ on the row, and the
                       detail unfolds under it
  logs              →  A BLOCK with follow. It was already a
                       scroll container; it needed no frame
  the help view     →  AN ENTRY. ? emits the keymap, and it is in
                       your scrollback, copyable, scrolled past
  an attached PTY   →  A CAPTURED CHILD OWNER over its block. The border says your
                       keys go to the child; the transcript stays
  a subagent        →  A TAB, which it already was — ⌃⇥ is what
                       tabs use, and a tab is not a push

  the subagent is the only one that LOOKS like a push and is not: it
  is a second conversation with its own context window and its own
  prompt. You SWITCH to it and it is still there when you switch
  back. Nothing was hidden and nothing was lost.

the test, when something wants a frame of its own

  does it have its own PROMPT and its own CONTEXT?
    yes — it is a tab
    no  — it is a block, or an entry, or a question

  everything I pushed answered NO, which is how I know the earlier
  pass was wrong rather than merely different.

and what an expanded entry looks like — which is most of the answer

● ps · 0.3s · 2 of 11
  ⎿  uuid     family            status      metric   age
    ▸ ▾ a3f9b21  digit-classifier  running     0.0372   23m
        node   gpu-04.fmx.internal · 2×A100 · 16GiB
        mr     !1248  auto-merged
        ██████████░░░░░░░░░░░░░░  43%  ep 17/40  ~18m
        ≡ logs  ⚡ events  ⊘ cancel  { } json
      7c2d4e1  decoder-zoom      succeeded   0.0089   41m
      +9 more

▸ keeps focus while ▾ independently says expanded. The detail sits on bgElev — the
inside ground, which is the same one block scope already uses — and
the rows below carry on underneath.

  you can see the run you opened AND the one you were comparing it
  to. A pushed view could not show you both, which is the whole
  reason this is better.
